README.md, before:

🌆 CitySync
CitySync is a group project that helps users discover and match with cities based on their preferences. The application leverages AWS services for deployment, scalability, and functionality.

!Urgent Update!
matching feature disabled due to billing.

🌐 Link to CitySync
https://main.d2020pxyuhilwo.amplifyapp.com/

📝 Instructions 
1. Create an account
2. Go to questionare tab and fill out the questionare
3. You can now view your results on results page and see more information
4. On the home page your matched cities are now on the interactive map


🚀 Features
User Profiles: Create a profile with your email and get started. 

City Matching Algorithm: Get recommendations based on lifestyle, cost of living, and interests.

Interactive Map: Visualize matched cities with key details.

AWS-Powered: Utilizes services like Lambda, API Gateway, S3, and Cognito for backend operations.


🔧 Technologies Used
Frontend: React.js 

Backend: Node.js / Python 

Database: MongoDB

Authentication: AWS Cognito

Compute: AWS Lambda

Storage: AWS S3

API Handling: AWS API Gateway

Deployment: AWS Amplify 

🌐 Demo  
https://youtu.be/G4-dsM45i3o

❓ Questions?   
Feel free to reach out to our socials    
Johnathon Brumfield - https://www.linkedin.com/in/johnathon-brumfield-16a5a5248/   
Manuel Sur - https://www.linkedin.com/in/manuel-sur-474308290/  
Eric Chin - https://www.linkedin.com/in/eric-chin01/  
Sathwik Jupalli - https://www.linkedin.com/in/sathwik-jupalli-96aa731a2/  
Bond Leung - https://www.linkedin.com/in/bond-leung/

Commit message:

Clarify CitySync link status due to billing
Updated README to indicate billing issue affecting CitySync link.

README.md, after:

🌆 CitySync
CitySync is a group project that helps users discover and match with cities based on their preferences. The application leverages AWS services for deployment, scalability, and functionality.

!Urgent Update!
matching feature disabled due to billing.

🌐 Link to CitySync  **Note no longer works due to billing
https://main.d2020pxyuhilwo.amplifyapp.com/

📝 Instructions 
1. Create an account
2. Go to questionare tab and fill out the questionare
3. You can now view your results on results page and see more information
4. On the home page your matched cities are now on the interactive map


🚀 Features
User Profiles: Create a profile with your email and get started. 

City Matching Algorithm: Get recommendations based on lifestyle, cost of living, and interests.

Interactive Map: Visualize matched cities with key details.

AWS-Powered: Utilizes services like Lambda, API Gateway, S3, and Cognito for backend operations.


🔧 Technologies Used
Frontend: React.js 

Backend: Node.js / Python 

Database: MongoDB

Authentication: AWS Cognito

Compute: AWS Lambda

Storage: AWS S3

API Handling: AWS API Gateway

Deployment: AWS Amplify 

🌐 Demo  
https://youtu.be/G4-dsM45i3o

❓ Questions?   
Feel free to reach out to our socials    
Johnathon Brumfield - https://www.linkedin.com/in/johnathon-brumfield-16a5a5248/   
Manuel Sur - https://www.linkedin.com/in/manuel-sur-474308290/  
Eric Chin - https://www.linkedin.com/in/eric-chin01/  
Sathwik Jupalli - https://www.linkedin.com/in/sathwik-jupalli-96aa731a2/  
Bond Leung - https://www.linkedin.com/in/bond-leung/
